fix misspells and minor cleanup (#44)
squid-cache/squid-cache.github.io: docs/Features/CodeTestBed.md

### Taking Part in the Testing

> see [BuildFarm](/BuildFarm) on what's needed and how to volunteer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
see [BuildFarm](/BuildFarm) on what is needed and how to volunteer
```
